 GOD'S LOVE

5 Reminding Projectile On God’s Love For Humanity

  
Introduction
Many humans have a prior knowledge on God's existance but yet to comprehend  His love for humanity.
Here are five important notations with possible Bible references of His unique kind of love.

1. His love Is Unconditional
God does not love you when you are good and hates you when you are bad. No, He loves you through it all. He definitely hates the sin but still, love His children always.

2. His Love Is Timeless
Psalm 136:26 reads thus;
 “Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever.”
this emplies thta His love never ends but eternal.

3. Nothing Can Separate Us From This Gift
Romans 8:37–39 reads thus;
 “In all these things, we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. For I am convinced that neither death or life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.” 
In Jerry Bridges’ words, “God’s unfailing love for us is an objective fact affirmed over and over in the Scriptures. It is true whether we believe it or not. Our doubts do not destroy God’s love, nor does our faith create it. It originates in the very nature of God, who is love, and it flows to us through our union with His beloved Son.”

4. His Love Makes Us Better
No one experiences God’s love and remains the same. You definitely become a better brother, wife, sister, husband, overall being. God's love defines an individual positively, added riches with no sorrows. 

5. God’s Love Enables Us Love Others
1 John 4:7–8 reads thus;,
 “Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God, and whoever loves has been born of God and knows God. Anyone who does not love does not know God, because God is love.” if all humans can submit to this, indeed the world will be a better place.

When you experience God’s love, it is only fair that you share it. In fact, it is safe to say that knowing God’s loves compels you to love others. 





